# UWB_SubSample
Assignment and Course Project Repository for ECE 233: Wireless Communications System Design, Modeling, and Implementation (Spring 2020) by Prof. Danijela Cabric, ECE, UCLA.

The wide bandwidth of ultra-wideband (UWB) radios has induced interest for indoor high-precision ranging, low-data-rate and high-speed communications and surveillance applications. With the advent of embedded systems, UWB systems covet a low-complexity, low-power and low-cost solution. In this project, we explore the performance of a low-complexity subsampling architecture for 3.1-10.6 GHz UWB systems. The system subsamples the passband impulses at twice the signal bandwidth using a high-speed, low-resolution and low-power CMOS analog-to-digital converter (ADC) and performs analytic matched filtering in the digital and complex domain to resolve timing offset sensitivity and extract granular timing information. Specifically, we study the signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) and bit error rate (BER) of the system under varying timing offsets with IEEE CM-1 channel model. We observe that an increase in timing offset results in a slight but linear decrease of SNR, which is ubiquitous for high-resolution timing information extraction. Additionally, we observe that an increase delay offset causes the BER to increase but only slightly, with the difference more pronounced at high SNR values, proving that the architecture is capable of handling varying timing offsets without loss of information.

Reference: Chen, Shuo-Wei Michael, and Robert W. Brodersen. "A subsampling radio architecture for ultrawideband communications." IEEE transactions on signal processing 55.10 (2007): 5018-5031.
